refactor: ♻️ review introduction (#152)
rostools/github-intro: sessions/introduction.qmd

# Introduction {#sec-introduction}

::: {.callout-note collapse="true"}
## :teacher: Teacher note

> Start of the workshop by introducing yourself and the helpers. Then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start the workshop by introducing yourself and the helpers. Then
```

> briefly introduce to the workshop by going through the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
briefly introduce the workshop by going through the
```

Especially highlight the use of the stickies/hats.
:::

Before we get started, let's go over some of the details of the

> workshop. This will help you understand how the workshop is designed and
> what to expect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
workshop, which will help orient you to the workshop structure and what to expect:
```

**Time: \~5 minutes.**

When you're learning something new, it helps to put it into a context.
While we've already covered some of this in the
[syllabus](/overview/syllabus.qmd), we haven't fully addressed probably
one of the biggest questions people may have: **Why learn and use GitHub
specifically?**

GitHub is an extremely popular and widely used online platform for
managing Git repositories. And, as we saw in the [pre-workshop

> tasks](/pre-workshop/git-and-github.qmd), Git repositories comes with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tasks](/pre-workshop/git-and-github.qmd), Git repositories come with a
```

So in that context, this workshop is designed as a gentle introduction
to using GitHub to manage your files related to your research and work.

> Before diving into some of the more advanced uses, it’s important to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before diving into some of the more advanced uses, it's important to
```

Not sure why your keyboard sometimes uses this type of quote vs the normal single quote... :thinking:

Author: Oh, it does that automatically! I’ll have to fix that
